The worse you scream
The happier I am to stop
slave slave
slave
Mom
You're crazy. He's carrying my flesh and blood in his belly
What!
I don't know.
What's up with him and the child?
I will never forgive you.
It's all about that little Yao. Enough
That woman is no good
Don't listen to the wind anymore, it's just the rain.
All happy
Mr. Gu
My mother said it was Yunyao who sued
I will definitely make him pay
I'll take care of this.
Doctor, how is he?
What's the matter with you?
I just told you he's pregnant
How could he turn his face and hurt him like this?
All skin bulging
It's all my fault
Fortunately, some skin injuries
Just itch
And what about children?